updated Welcome Page (#627)
DAGWorks-Inc/hamilton: docs/main.md

    <a href="https://pepy.tech/project/sf-hamilton" target="_blank"><img src="https://pepy.tech/badge/sf-hamilton" alt="Total Downloads"/></a>
</div>

Hamilton is a general-purpose framework to write dataflows using regular Python functions. At the core, each function defines a transformation and its parameters indicates its dependencies. Hamilton automatically connects individual functions into a [Directed Acyclic Graph](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Directed_acyclic_graph) (DAG) that can be executed, visualized, optimized, and reported on.

```{figure} ./_static/abc.png
:scale: 50
:align: center

The ABC of Hamilton
```

# Why should you use Hamilton?
**Facilitate collaboration**. By focusing on functions, Hamilton avoids sprawling code hierarchy and generates flat dataflows. Well-scoped functions make it easier to add features, complete code reviews, debug pipeline failures, and hand-off projects. Visualizations can be generated directly from your code to better understand and document it.

> **Reduce development time**. Hamilton dataflows are reusable across projects and context (e.g., pipeline vs. web service). The benefits of developing robust and well-tested solutions are multiplied by reusability. Off-the-shelf dataflows and boilerplates are available on the Hamilton Hub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Reduce development time**. Hamilton dataflows are reusable across projects and context (e.g., pipeline vs. web service). The benefits of developing robust and well-tested solutions are multiplied by reusability. Off-the-shelf dataflows are available on the [Hamilton Hub](https://hub.dagworks.io/).
```

**Visualization**. The `FunctionGraph` can be visualized without executing code. This coupling ensures visualizations always match the code from modules.

**Execution**. When requesting variables, the `Driver` establishes an execution plan to only compute the required functions. Then, results are gathered and returned to the user.

# Who is using Hamilton?
![](./_static/hamilton_users.jpg)

Multiple companies are doing cool stuff with Hamilton! Come chat with members of the community and the development team on [Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/hamilton-opensource/shared_invite/zt-1bjs72asx-wcUTgH7q7QX1igiQ5bbdcg):

* **Stitch Fix** — Time series forecasting
* **British cycling** — Telemetry analysis
* **Joby** - Flight data processing
* **Transfix** - Online featurization and prediction
* **IBM** - Internal search and ML pipelines
* **Ascena** - Feature engineering
* **Adobe** - Prompt engineering research
* **Axiom Cloud** - IoT data processing

> * **Oak Ridge & PNNL** - Nature project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Oak Ridge & PNNL** - [Naturf project](https://github.com/IMMM-SFA/naturf/tree/feature/nodes)
```
